with a wave of consolidation behind it
North American railroad is once again a
good business to be in freight traffic
is booming and locomotive orders are
coming in at a solid pace from the big
six railroads that dominate rail
transportation on the continent the two
remaining diesel builders are locked in
a battle become the locomotive supplier
for the 21st century
caterpillar MD MD is represented by the
AC traction motors sd70ace and it's DC
traction sibling the sd70m - to General
Electric standard-bearers are the Evo's
the evolution series ES 44 AC es 44 DC
at the heart of the evolution series is
a brand new prime mover the turbocharged
4 cycle 12 cylinder GEVO 12 while
producing the same 4,400 horsepower as
its 16 cylinder FD l series predecessor
the g vo 12 uses less fuel and spits out
40% fewer emissions
the undecorated a Joe model from mth
electric trains in this video features
the underbody flashing charging lights
GE equipped on the G go demonstrator
model it used to court the big six
railroads the charging lights on the
prototype were meant to simulate the
prime movers charging of the traction
motors in each of the power trucks we've
recreated the same light nation seen on
the actual GEVO demonstrator prototype
watch as the lights change direction and
that locomotive begins to move the
long-lasting LED is on our model to
ensure that this unique lighting effect
will last for years like all in th
locomotives our AVS
see offers features get pious
combination a future realism temperance
listen to the chance of an authentic
Judaica up native and the queen of
sundry hoodies Ronald is Louis de las
galaxy to admire the details as prize
popper seeking fans and wheels walkways
the safety tail lashing ditch lines
windchill items Marty and truck Arab
dogfighting and a host of other
separately applied detail in fact the
tooling for our Evo allows us to police
with the four different body specific
gravity configurations ensuring a high
level of Rage specific actors